README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/webpack/webpack">
    <img width="200" height="200" src="https://webpack.js.org/assets/icon-square-big.svg">
  </a>
</div>

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![node][node]][node-url]
[![deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![tests][tests]][tests-url]
[![chat][chat]][chat-url]

# webpack-command

🔳 A proof-of-concept for a lightweight, modular, and opinionated webpack CLI.

For users coming from `webpack-cli`, please read about
[the differences](#differences-with-webpack-cli) between this module and
`webpack-cli`.

## Requirements

This module requires a minimum of Node v6.14.0 and Webpack v4.0.0.

## Benefits

`webpack-command` has many advantages over other CLI experiences for `webpack`.
These include:

- A full test suite with 200 tests and 100% coverage.
- A 93% smaller package cost versus `webpack-cli`.
- Validation of commands, entries, and flags before further execution.
- Extensible third-party commands. Include only what you need.
- A beautiful default user experience with output driven by
[`webpack-stylish`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack-stylish).
- Custom Reporters 🤯
- Support for `webpack` configuration in any language or compiler that provides
a `require` hook.
- Support for `webpack` configuration in `JSON`, `YAML`, or `JavaScript`.
- Highly focused on the User Experience and UX details.

## Getting Started

To begin, you'll need to install `webpack-command`:

```console
$ npm install webpack-command --save-dev
```

## CLI

```console
$ webpack --help

  🐕 A lightweight, modular, and opinionated webpack CLI

  Usage
    $ webpack [<config>, ...options]
    $ webpack <entry-file> [...<entry-file>] <output-file>
    $ weboack <command> [...options]

  Options
    --context                     The root directory for resolving entry point and stats
    --debug                       Switch loaders to debug mode
    --devtool                     Enable devtool for better debugging experience.
                                  e.g. --devtool eval-cheap-module-source-map
    --entry                       The entry point
    --help                        Show usage information and the options listed here
    --log-level                   Limit all process console messages to a specific level and above
                                  Levels: trace, debug, info, warn, error, silent
    --log-time                    Instruct the logger for webpack-serve and dependencies to display a timestamp
    --reporter                    Specifies the reporter to use for generating console output for a build
    --require                     Preload one or more modules before loading the webpack configuration
                                  Typically used for language-specific require hooks
    --run-dev                     An alias for --debug --devtool eval-cheap-module-source-map --output-pathinfo
    --run-prod                    An alias for --optimize-minimize --define process.env.NODE_ENV="production"
    --version                     Display the webpack-command version
    --watch                       Watch the filesystem for changes

  Advanced
    --bail                        Abort the compilation on first error
    --cache                       Enable in memory caching
    --define                      Define any free var in the bundle
    --hot                         Enables Hot Module Replacement
    --plugin                      Load this plugin
    --prefetch                    Prefetch this request
                                  e.g. --prefetch ./file.js
    --profile                     Profile the compilation and include information in stats
    --provide                     Provide these modules as free vars in all modules
                                  e.g. --provide.jQuery jquery
    --records-input-path          Path to the records file (reading)
    --records-output-path         Path to the records file (writing)
    --records-path                Path to the records file
    --target                      The targeted execution environment
    --watch-aggregate-timeout     Timeout for gathering changes while watching
    --watch-poll                  The polling interval for watching (also enable polling)
    --watch-stdin                 Exit the process when stdin is closed

  Configuration File
    --config                      Path to the config file
    --config-name                 Name of the config to use
    --config-register             Deprecated. Please use --require.
    --mode                        Specifies the build mode to use; development or production

  Modules
    --module-bind                 Bind an extension to a loader
    --module-bind-post            Bind an extension to a postLoader
    --module-bind-pre             Bind an extension to a preLoader

  Optimization
    --optimize-max-chunks         Try to keep the chunk count below a limit
    --optimize-min-chunk-size     Try to keep the chunk size above a limit
    --optimize-minimize           Minimize javascript and switches loaders to minimizing

  Output
    --output                      The output path and file for compilation assets
    --output-chunk-filename       The output filename for additional chunks
    --output-filename             The output filename of the bundle
    --output-jsonp-function       The name of the JSONP function used for chunk loading
    --output-library              Expose the exports of the entry point as library
    --output-library-target       The type for exposing the exports of the entry point as library
    --output-path                 The output path for compilation assets
    --output-pathinfo             Include a comment with the request for every dependency (require, import, etc.)
    --output-public-path          The public path for the assets
    --output-source-map-filename  The output filename for the SourceMap

  Resolver
    --resolve-alias               Setup a module alias for resolving
                                  e.g. --resolve-alias.jquery jquery.plugin
    --resolve-extensions          Setup extensions that should be used to resolve modules
                                  e.g. .es6,.js
    --resolve-loader-alias        Setup a loader alias for resolving


    For further documentation, visit https://webpack.js.org/api/cli

  Commands
    help
    teach

    Type `webpack help <command>` for more information
```

## Commands

`webpack-command` allows users to extend the `webpack` CLI experience by
including a few helpful built-in commands, and providing a means to develop
third-party commands.

### Built-In Commands

- [Help Command](docs/HelpCommand.md)
- [Teach Command](docs/TeachCommand.md)

## Flags

For more documentation on flags, please see the
[`webpack-cli` documentation](https://webpack.js.org/api/cli/).

## Differences With `webpack-cli`

While this project aims for parity with `webpack-cli` in nearly all aspects,
there are some notable differences. Included in those differences is the note
that this module includes the bare minimum of commands to provide a `webpack`
CLI. Commands like `init`, `migrate`, and `update` are relegated to separate,
user-installed modules.

That said, the following differences should also be noted:

### Key=Value Pairs

Certain flags passed in `webpack-cli` allow for a key-value pair for
pairing an alias with the alias value. e.g. `--entry name=file`. This module
adopts a CLI-standard approach by using the syntax `--flag.key value` instead,
and does not support the `key=value` syntax.

### Entries

Specifying entries by either flag (`--flag`) or input (`webpack <file>`) require
that the file or directory specified exist.

Entries passed with a comma-separated value `--entry file,file2` are deprecated
and should be migrated to use the CLI-standard `--entry file --entry file2`
syntax.

Entries passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using `--entry name=file` should be
migrated to use the `--entry.name file` syntax.

### Resolve Alias

Resolve aliases passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using
`--resolve-alias alias=value` should be migrated to use the `--entry.name file`
syntax.

### Resolve Loader Alias

Resolve aliases passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using
`--resolve-loader-alias alias=value` should be migrated to use the
`--resolve-loader-alias.alias value` syntax.

## Reporters

`webpack-command` ships with two available reporters:

#### `basic`

Displays the default `webpack` output, the same you'll see
using `webpack-cli`.

#### `stylish`

The **default** reporter and displays beautiful output using the same code
that drives [`webpack-stylish`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack-stylish).

## Configuration Languages and Compilers

`webpack-command` allows users to leverage any language that provides a require
hook. To leverage this feature, define your configs as such for the following
languages/compilers:

- Babel ES6 Modules: `webpack.config.js` or `webpack.config.es6`, and use
`--require babel-register`
- Flow: `webpack.config.js` or `webpack.config.flow`, and use
`--require flow-remove-types/register`
- TypeScript: `webpack.config.ts`, and use `--require ts-node/register`

Other hooks may work for additional language or compiler support.

## Gotchas

Any entry files specified will overwrite entries in a `webpack.config.js` file
as of [this Pull Request](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-cli/pull/358) in
`webpack-cli`.

## Contributing

Please take a moment to read our contributing guidelines if you haven't yet done so.

#### [CONTRIBUTING](./.github/CONTRIBUTING)

## License

#### [MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/webpack-command.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/webpack-command

[node]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/webpack-command.svg
[node-url]: https://nodejs.org

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/webpack-contrib/webpack-command.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[tests]: 	https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/webpack-contrib/webpack-command.svg
[tests-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[cover]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[cover-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[chat]: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-webpack%2Fwebpack-brightgreen.svg
[chat-url]: https://gitter.im/webpack/webpack

Commit message:

docs: add note about installing compilers

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/webpack/webpack">
    <img width="200" height="200" src="https://webpack.js.org/assets/icon-square-big.svg">
  </a>
</div>

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![node][node]][node-url]
[![deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![tests][tests]][tests-url]
[![chat][chat]][chat-url]

# webpack-command

🔳 A proof-of-concept for a lightweight, modular, and opinionated webpack CLI.

For users coming from `webpack-cli`, please read about
[the differences](#differences-with-webpack-cli) between this module and
`webpack-cli`.

## Requirements

This module requires a minimum of Node v6.14.0 and Webpack v4.0.0.

## Benefits

`webpack-command` has many advantages over other CLI experiences for `webpack`.
These include:

- A full test suite with 200 tests and 100% coverage.
- A 93% smaller package cost versus `webpack-cli`.
- Validation of commands, entries, and flags before further execution.
- Extensible third-party commands. Include only what you need.
- A beautiful default user experience with output driven by
[`webpack-stylish`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack-stylish).
- Custom Reporters 🤯
- Support for `webpack` configuration in any language or compiler that provides
a `require` hook.
- Support for `webpack` configuration in `JSON`, `YAML`, or `JavaScript`.
- Highly focused on the User Experience and UX details.

## Getting Started

To begin, you'll need to install `webpack-command`:

```console
$ npm install webpack-command --save-dev
```

## CLI

```console
$ webpack --help

  🐕 A lightweight, modular, and opinionated webpack CLI

  Usage
    $ webpack [<config>, ...options]
    $ webpack <entry-file> [...<entry-file>] <output-file>
    $ weboack <command> [...options]

  Options
    --context                     The root directory for resolving entry point and stats
    --debug                       Switch loaders to debug mode
    --devtool                     Enable devtool for better debugging experience.
                                  e.g. --devtool eval-cheap-module-source-map
    --entry                       The entry point
    --help                        Show usage information and the options listed here
    --log-level                   Limit all process console messages to a specific level and above
                                  Levels: trace, debug, info, warn, error, silent
    --log-time                    Instruct the logger for webpack-serve and dependencies to display a timestamp
    --reporter                    Specifies the reporter to use for generating console output for a build
    --require                     Preload one or more modules before loading the webpack configuration
                                  Typically used for language-specific require hooks
    --run-dev                     An alias for --debug --devtool eval-cheap-module-source-map --output-pathinfo
    --run-prod                    An alias for --optimize-minimize --define process.env.NODE_ENV="production"
    --version                     Display the webpack-command version
    --watch                       Watch the filesystem for changes

  Advanced
    --bail                        Abort the compilation on first error
    --cache                       Enable in memory caching
    --define                      Define any free var in the bundle
    --hot                         Enables Hot Module Replacement
    --plugin                      Load this plugin
    --prefetch                    Prefetch this request
                                  e.g. --prefetch ./file.js
    --profile                     Profile the compilation and include information in stats
    --provide                     Provide these modules as free vars in all modules
                                  e.g. --provide.jQuery jquery
    --records-input-path          Path to the records file (reading)
    --records-output-path         Path to the records file (writing)
    --records-path                Path to the records file
    --target                      The targeted execution environment
    --watch-aggregate-timeout     Timeout for gathering changes while watching
    --watch-poll                  The polling interval for watching (also enable polling)
    --watch-stdin                 Exit the process when stdin is closed

  Configuration File
    --config                      Path to the config file
    --config-name                 Name of the config to use
    --config-register             Deprecated. Please use --require.
    --mode                        Specifies the build mode to use; development or production

  Modules
    --module-bind                 Bind an extension to a loader
    --module-bind-post            Bind an extension to a postLoader
    --module-bind-pre             Bind an extension to a preLoader

  Optimization
    --optimize-max-chunks         Try to keep the chunk count below a limit
    --optimize-min-chunk-size     Try to keep the chunk size above a limit
    --optimize-minimize           Minimize javascript and switches loaders to minimizing

  Output
    --output                      The output path and file for compilation assets
    --output-chunk-filename       The output filename for additional chunks
    --output-filename             The output filename of the bundle
    --output-jsonp-function       The name of the JSONP function used for chunk loading
    --output-library              Expose the exports of the entry point as library
    --output-library-target       The type for exposing the exports of the entry point as library
    --output-path                 The output path for compilation assets
    --output-pathinfo             Include a comment with the request for every dependency (require, import, etc.)
    --output-public-path          The public path for the assets
    --output-source-map-filename  The output filename for the SourceMap

  Resolver
    --resolve-alias               Setup a module alias for resolving
                                  e.g. --resolve-alias.jquery jquery.plugin
    --resolve-extensions          Setup extensions that should be used to resolve modules
                                  e.g. .es6,.js
    --resolve-loader-alias        Setup a loader alias for resolving


    For further documentation, visit https://webpack.js.org/api/cli

  Commands
    help
    teach

    Type `webpack help <command>` for more information
```

## Commands

`webpack-command` allows users to extend the `webpack` CLI experience by
including a few helpful built-in commands, and providing a means to develop
third-party commands.

### Built-In Commands

- [Help Command](docs/HelpCommand.md)
- [Teach Command](docs/TeachCommand.md)

## Flags

For more documentation on flags, please see the
[`webpack-cli` documentation](https://webpack.js.org/api/cli/).

## Differences With `webpack-cli`

While this project aims for parity with `webpack-cli` in nearly all aspects,
there are some notable differences. Included in those differences is the note
that this module includes the bare minimum of commands to provide a `webpack`
CLI. Commands like `init`, `migrate`, and `update` are relegated to separate,
user-installed modules.

That said, the following differences should also be noted:

### Key=Value Pairs

Certain flags passed in `webpack-cli` allow for a key-value pair for
pairing an alias with the alias value. e.g. `--entry name=file`. This module
adopts a CLI-standard approach by using the syntax `--flag.key value` instead,
and does not support the `key=value` syntax.

### Entries

Specifying entries by either flag (`--flag`) or input (`webpack <file>`) require
that the file or directory specified exist.

Entries passed with a comma-separated value `--entry file,file2` are deprecated
and should be migrated to use the CLI-standard `--entry file --entry file2`
syntax.

Entries passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using `--entry name=file` should be
migrated to use the `--entry.name file` syntax.

### Resolve Alias

Resolve aliases passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using
`--resolve-alias alias=value` should be migrated to use the `--entry.name file`
syntax.

### Resolve Loader Alias

Resolve aliases passed by flag in `webpack-cli` using
`--resolve-loader-alias alias=value` should be migrated to use the
`--resolve-loader-alias.alias value` syntax.

## Reporters

`webpack-command` ships with two available reporters:

#### `basic`

Displays the default `webpack` output, the same you'll see
using `webpack-cli`.

#### `stylish`

The **default** reporter and displays beautiful output using the same code
that drives [`webpack-stylish`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack-stylish).

## Configuration Languages and Compilers

`webpack-command` allows users to leverage any language that provides a require
hook. To leverage this feature, define your configs as such for the following
languages/compilers:

- Babel ES6 Modules: `webpack.config.js` or `webpack.config.es6`, and use
`--require babel-register`
- Flow: `webpack.config.js` or `webpack.config.flow`, and use
`--require flow-remove-types/register`
- TypeScript: `webpack.config.ts`, and use `--require ts-node/register`

Other hooks may work for additional language or compiler support.

_Note: Compilers are not part of, nor built-into this module. To use a specific
compiler, you must install it first._

## Gotchas

Any entry files specified will overwrite entries in a `webpack.config.js` file
as of [this Pull Request](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-cli/pull/358) in
`webpack-cli`.

## Contributing

Please take a moment to read our contributing guidelines if you haven't yet done so.

#### [CONTRIBUTING](./.github/CONTRIBUTING)

## License

#### [MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/webpack-command.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/webpack-command

[node]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/webpack-command.svg
[node-url]: https://nodejs.org

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/webpack-contrib/webpack-command.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[tests]: 	https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/webpack-contrib/webpack-command.svg
[tests-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[cover]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[cover-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/webpack-command

[chat]: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-webpack%2Fwebpack-brightgreen.svg
[chat-url]: https://gitter.im/webpack/webpack
